# Build-It-and-They-Will-Come
Build It and They Will Come
Build It And They Will Come [20]Objective: Give you some practice slicing sprite sheets, placing sprites, and manipulating prefabsInstructions:1.Create a new 2D project, call it Build It and They Will Come2.Create folders named Scenes, Scripts, Textures, Prefabs [1]3.Download and install XML Texture Atlas Slicer (from the Unity Store). [1]1.If you see a message about updating the API, go ahead and do so4.Download Kenny Assets v40 and Kenny Game Assets 2 v 18.5.Explore these two sets of assets, and identify 2 sprite sheets from each (a total of 4), that look like they would be suitable for making an interesting game.6.Write a paragraph describing the game's premise [2]7.Slice those sprite sheets. Use both of these techniques: [2]1.XML Texture Atlas Slicer (curiously, you may need to slice twice for it to take effect)2.Using the Sprite Editor (use automatic, grid by cell size, or grid by cell count, as needed)8.Identify a .png that looks like it would be suitable for the ground. 9.Drag it into the scene (making it into a Sprite). Name it Ground_Tile. 10.Drag Ground_Tile into the Assets view (the Prefabs folder), making it into a prefab. [2]1.It turned into a prefab because you dragged into Assets. The name of the folder, Prefabs, just represents good planning: it would have turned into a prefab regardless of the name.11.Arrange 10 Ground_Tiles into an empty GameObject (as we did in the Cold Friday project) called Ground. [2]1.Hint: Hold down the letter V while dragging sprites to allow vertices to snap together.12.Make Ground into a prefab [1]13.Repeat steps 8-12 using another .png that would be suitable for a platform. Call the empty GameObject Platform.  [2]14.Save the scene - call it BuildIt.15.Make all of the tiles BoxCollider2D objects [1]•Since your objects are prefabs, just add the BoxCollider2D component to one GameObject in the scene and click Apply16.Populate the world with:1.one player sprite - name it Player[1]2.five enemy sprites (all based on one enemy) - name it Enemy[1]3.anything else that makes your world more interesting: be creative and have fun with this. [2]17.Assign tags to the Player and Enemies. [2]18.Add a RigidBody2D and BoxCollider2D component to the player and the Enemies.1.Hint: as before, since the Enemies are prefabs, either:1. select a GameObject, add the components and click Apply, or2.work directly with the Enemy prefab.Deliverables:The game, zipped and uploaded.
